add PoR and TaaS to glossary (#57)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: glossary.md

Protocol Owned Liquidity, is the amount of LP the treasury owns and
controls. The more POL the better for the protocol and its users.

### PoR

> Proof of Reserve, is the mechanism of acumulating protocol controlled value.
> OlympusDAO is designed for PoR by acumulating POL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proof of Reserve, is the mechanism of accumulating PCV.
OlympusDAO is designed for PoR by accumulating POL.
```

Reviewer: I think I am out of my depth here. But i thought PoR means some kind of attestation that OlympusDAO has enough reserve to back all the OHM in circulation.

Reviewer 2: I think this PoR is the service Olympus can offer to other protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proof of Reserve, is the mechanism of strengthening the reserve of OlympusDAO treasury via the sales of bonds. Bonders provide liquidity to the treasury, thereby building its reserve. In return for their service, bonders get paid in OHM.
```

Reviewer: Re-reading Zeus' tweet on PoR, this is my current understanding on the topic

> Proof of Reserve, is the mechanism of acumulating protocol controlled value.
> OlympusDAO is designed for PoR by acumulating POL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proof of Reserve, is the mechanism of strengthening the reserve of OlympusDAO treasury via the sales of bonds. Bonders provide liquidity to the treasury, thereby building its reserve. In return for their service, bonders get paid in OHM.
```

Reviewer: Re-reading Zeus' tweet, this is my current understanding on PoR

Total Value Locked, is the dollar amount of all OHM staked in the protocol. This
metric is often used as growth or health indicator in DeFi projects.

### TaaS

Treasury as a Service, is the business model of decentralized custody of

> partnership funds. OlympusDAO is designed for TaaS by selling bonds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
partnership funds. OlympusDAO is designed for TaaS by selling bonds and absorbing partners' funds into its treasury as a result.
```

Reviewer 2: I would change funds to "liquidity" @kschan6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
partnership funds. OlympusDAO is designed for TaaS by selling bonds and absorbing partners' liquidity into its treasury as a result.
```
